namaste i am dr. hero but Lonnie from
Los Angeles America I am happy to
present some glimpses of my book
Hinduism path of the ancient wisdom the
book is especially dedicated to the
youth of Hindu diaspora in USA and many
good and many other countries across the
globe it will also entice anyone
interested in getting authentic and
permission about hindu religion culture
and philosophy the book is non-dogmatic
and non fundamental in nature it rather
emphasizes the essential unity and
homogeneity of all the religions
spiritual teachings which when practiced
in our everyday life to make us more
virtuous and peaceful form the core of
the book these spiritual teachings are
in fact very similar in all the
religions all religions propagate
compassion love non hurting truthfulness
awarding illicit sex serving helping
becoming sympathetic and empathetic
respecting others etc without these
spiritual teachings man would be like a
lower animal they simply would be no
progress and no civilization Hinduism is
regarded by many as the oldest living
religion of the world today there is
evidence that is the roots go long way
back in the ancient prehistoric time or
the Saraswathi single civilization of
India keeping the thought of the supreme
power in the back of mind the man then
strive
to search for answers which would help
him to live in harmony and joy spiritual
teachings thus came to be formed these
became the earliest form of the
religious activity of human beings
Hinduism was not started by one single
person it was more in the nature of a
conglomeration of the spiritual wisdom
of all the existing tribal knowledge to
a very large extent however while they
are united they also held a considerable
individual identity this became the
bedrock of Hinduism unity in diversity
Hinduism is therefore considered as a
good link between the ancient tribal
religious activity and the latter
organized palms are the religions
hinduism also does not have one single
book as the sole religious scripture
rather many scriptures were compiled in
succession from the earliest times each
scripture manifested a certain degree of
aversion airy pattern or the previous
one without howard defying our
antagonizing the same the old were
always respected and revered but were
very subtly modified this patterns
became later also the tradition of the
hindu family system over the millennia
this non-dogmatic attitude has prevailed
in Hindu society in recent times Swami
Vivekananda said Hinduism is not a
closed book anytime something which is
considered useful and beneficiary for
the human beings may be added to it thus
some of the new books of the modern
times 2 are regarded as a minor open
American plus offer JB prot with the
following relevant remarks the reason
for the immortality of the Vedic
religion of Hinduism is that while
retaining its spiritual identity it has
been changing its outward form in
accordance with the demands of time and
particularly it is the only religion
which has been able to meet the
challenges of science which governs the
thought and life or the modern age